MediaButtons supports theme that allow you to customize the images used for all
the widgets.  There are two types, builtin and zip.  The builtin themes are what
comes with MediaButtons by default.  Zip themes can be created and added by the
end users.

Zip themes for MediaButtons are simply a zip file with images for each type of
media action (play, pause, next, etc.).  They must be placed in the external
data directory (usually an sdcard) under
"Android/data/com.github.mediabuttons/themes/" in a file that ends in ".zip".
Once placed there, the theme should appear in the theme configuration under the
name of your zip file.

If you want to create your own zip theme, you should create 6 .png images (one
for each action: play.png, pause.png, next.png, previous.png, fastforward.png,
rewind.png).  There are now size restrictions on images, but I recommend 256x256
(the size used for built in themes).  Zip up these 6 files and place the zip in
the themes directory.  Your theme should now appear in the theme selection
screen.  If your theme appears but says "(Invalid Theme)", can you check the
system log for mediabutton error that describe what was invalid about your zip
theme.  There are examples in this directory under "black_example.zip" and
"silver_example.zip".

One limitation of zip themes is that the widget images will be static and they
won't have any animation when the button is pressed.  This is a limitation of
the android API for widgets and the animation requires the use of resources
built into the app.  If you create a really nice theme or one that matches an
existing theme for custom roms, you can contact me about getting it included
wiht the app so that you can add the press animation to the theme (and sharing
it with others).
